thanks to their victory at the sports park
Annecy on the last day
Saint-Etienne has great chances
to hang a qualifying place for
europe the question now is to
to know if the greens will finish in front of
their neighbor and rival Lyonnais which does not
has not happened to them since the season
92-93 all under the eyes of brandao
suspended also missed the call
Francois Clerc and Renaud Cohade
Montpellier have won only one
only of their last 17 matches at
geoffroy guichard but have almost
ensured the maintenance at the first
banderille planted by the Saint Etienne
with this free kick pushed back by geoffrey
joudren with both fists but the
Etienne are oppressive in the
first moments with this overflow of
lemoine and it takes a saving return
of garry bocaly to steal the
ball right ahead max alain gradel a
reaction anyway
Montpellier she will intervene with
this very far shot is far from the
frame finally of jonas martin love
on the faces of ratchet and both
Etienne presidents because the greens
did not show a seductive face to
during this first period they have
had a good start a good quarter of an hour
to then show a precision
and lack of daring to the near of the goal
geoffrey joudren who was doing his
return to the goals of Montpellier
after his suspension but saint-etienne
goes very well into this second
period
the ball circulates well arrives in the
bayal feet a laser pass in the
feet of Roman hamouma control
oriented chained hit is
beautiful conclusion in the skylight
of geoffrey joudren ninth goal of the
season for roman hamouma gesture
technique done to perfection it's
the 12th goal of the season written by
Saint-Etienne outside the surface
a record in connection with the joy of christophe
galtier
these men did the hardest and ten
minutes after opening the score to the
56th minute free kick gradel that is
deviated and mevlut erding in fox well
follow-up is not in position
outside I covered by el kaoutari the
9th goal of mevlut erding that touches the
balloon and trunk geoffrey joudren for
the second time in the afternoon 2 goals
to 0 for saint-etienne
we have a conquering Saint Etienne face
is necessarily the disappointment of rolland
curse who does not understand why these
men were also lax defensively
this meeting is at the counter
closed to geoffroy guichard it will take
wait for the 91st minute to finally see
a reaction of Montpellier with this
pivotal demba niang shot and who passes to
above the crossbar of
stéphane ruffier two minutes later
a new situation for
Stephane with the pole found by
franck tabanou returned to play a few
minutes earlier nice intervention from
geoffrey joudren we 'll stay there
victory two goals to zero of
Saint-Etienne who consolidates his fourth
place a thing is sure the stéphanois
will compete in a European Cup the year
next